1 and negative 1 and 0 so this is just 3
OTT 3i x 1 plus 30 distributes 3i plus
9i squared but we learned from previous
courses in i squared and negative 1 so
that means this is really 3i minus 9 two
fiddy okay with it since we know that i
squared is negative one that goes
beckman this is 9 times negative 1 which
puts me in negative 9 all right so
multiplies we got 3i minus sign what
goes together this is 3i minus 3 it's
fortunate that we have to boil 1 plus 3i
times 3i minus 3 and we pull this guy
out again 3i minus 3 plus 9i squared
minus 9 930 8-9 is negative 6i I squared
B sends negative 1 right so 3 times
negative 1 is I mean nine times eight
and one and theta at nine negative nine
negative 3 is negative 12 negative 6i
minus 12
negative six I was um okay that's all
right right here well you got the 3i
minus 3 in the nine I would you can't
wait where'd you get to 12 from pie
square- mine okay so you put the 9i with
the three because of teeth so what
happens to this last nine I that's on
the a and right knee point on um okay 3i
minus 9 is negative 6 hi and this one
became a whole number i can combine it
with this when i come to here I think no
you don't know why I want you to watch
this to write down your magic looking up
and down up and down this one all right
so we get to hear we got one more fun
thank goodness we're down to the last
one so this is the last time we go to
multiply this so now we're at 1 plus 3i
times it's negative 6 52 so again that's
negative 6i there's two there's negative
18i squared and 6i
negative 6i and six I can't cancel
negative 18i squared is really negative
18 times negative ones with Beijing so 2
plus 18 is 20 remaining zeros it's green
what does that tell you tell you the one
plus 3i is a factor of that it is a zero
of this equation I mean if you did
quadratic formula on one of the asian
you got em to x equals something plus or
mine that would have been one of your
answers and then we're going to learn
something later that says the complex
solutions always come in pairs and I
says that that I know that one plus
three is an answer than 1-3 I would also
be an answer but that's later so that's
working through the pine yes